[DEVX-1805] Add saucectl docs for predefined env vars (#1351)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/_partials/_advanced.md

### Predefined Environment Variables

If you're running a test script where you need to communicate a Sauce Labs Job to a third-party tool, use the following environment variables.

| Environment Variable      | Description                              |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| SAUCE_JOB_ID              | Job ID                                   |
| SAUCE_SUITE_NAME          | Suite Name                               |

> | SAUCE_ARTIFACTS_DIRECTORY | The absolute path of `__assets__` folder |

Reviewer: Users don't know what the `__asset__` folder is if they land here.

```suggestion
| SAUCE_ARTIFACTS_DIRECTORY | Absolute path to the artifacts directory. Files placed in this folder are persisted with the Job. |
```
